I have an academic course prerequisite system. Please answer my questions using ONLY the facts provided below. Be precise and concise in your answers.

COURSE PREREQUISITES:
Algebra 1 is a prerequisite for Algebra 2
Algebra 2 is a prerequisite for Precalculus
Precalculus is a prerequisite for Calculus 1
Calculus 1 is a prerequisite for Calculus 2
Biology 1 is a prerequisite for Biology 2
Chemistry 1 is a prerequisite for Chemistry 2
Physics 1 is a prerequisite for Physics 2
Intro Programming is a prerequisite for Intro CS
Intro CS is a prerequisite for Data Structures
Data Structures is a prerequisite for Algorithms

STUDENT ENROLLMENT DATA:
Sarah:
Completed courses: Algebra 1, Algebra 2, Precalculus, Biology 1, Intro Programming
Currently enrolled in: Calculus 1, Biology 2, Intro CS
Mike:
Completed courses: Algebra 1
Currently enrolled in: Algebra 2, Chemistry 1
Emily:
Completed courses: Algebra 1, Algebra 2
Currently enrolled in: Precalculus, Physics 1
James:
Completed courses: Algebra 1, Algebra 2, Precalculus, Calculus 1, Intro Programming, Intro CS
Currently enrolled in: Data Structures, Calculus 2
Lisa:
Completed courses: Intro Programming
Currently enrolled in: Algebra 1, Biology 1

COURSE DEPARTMENTS:
Mathematics: Algebra 1, Algebra 2, Precalculus, Calculus 1, Calculus 2
Science: Biology 1, Biology 2, Chemistry 1, Chemistry 2, Physics 1, Physics 2
Computer Science: Intro Programming, Intro CS, Data Structures, Algorithms

COURSE DIFFICULTY LEVELS:
Introductory: Algebra 1, Intro Programming, Biology 1, Chemistry 1, Physics 1
Intermediate: Algebra 2, Precalculus, Intro CS, Biology 2, Chemistry 2, Physics 2
Advanced: Calculus 1, Calculus 2, Data Structures, Algorithms

ELIGIBILITY RULES:
A student is eligible for a course if they have completed ALL prerequisites for that course
A student cannot be eligible for a course they are already enrolled in
A student cannot be eligible for a course they have already completed
An "advanced student" is one who has completed at least one advanced-level course
A "beginner student" is one who has only completed introductory-level courses
Two students are "peers" if they are enrolled in the same course
Two courses are "co-requisites" if they are in the same department AND at the same difficulty level
Courses are "in sequence" if one is a direct or indirect prerequisite of the other

Now I will ask you questions. Please answer based ONLY on the information above. make sure you don't use information from previous chats or ANY previous knowledge at all. 


Is Algebra 1 a prerequisite for Algebra 2?
Has Sarah completed Precalculus?
Is Mike enrolled in Chemistry 1?
What department is Calculus 1 in?
Is Algorithms an advanced course?
Has Lisa completed Intro Programming?
Is Biology 2 in the Science department?
Is Emily enrolled in Physics 1?
Has James completed Intro CS?
What courses is Sarah enrolled in?
Has Mike completed Algebra 1?
Is Precalculus a prerequisite for Calculus 1?
What department does Intro CS belong to?
Is Chemistry 2 an intermediate course?
Has Emily completed Algebra 2?
Is James enrolled in Calculus 2?
What is the difficulty of Biology 1?
Has Sarah completed Biology 1?
Is Physics 2 in the Science department?
What courses has Lisa completed?
Is Data Structures a Computer Science course?
Has James completed Calculus 1?
Is Algebra 1 an introductory course?
What courses is Mike enrolled in?
Is Intro CS a prerequisite for Data Structures?
Has Emily completed Algebra 1?
What department is Biology 1 in?
Is Precalculus an intermediate course?
Is Lisa enrolled in Algebra 1?
Is Chemistry 1 a prerequisite for Chemistry 2?
Is Sarah eligible to take Calculus 2?
Is James an advanced student?
Are Calculus 1 and Calculus 2 in sequence?
Is Algebra 1 an indirect prerequisite for Calculus 1?
Are Biology 2 and Chemistry 2 co-requisites?
Can Emily enroll in Calculus 1?
What courses can Mike take next?
Are Physics 1 and Chemistry 1 co-requisites?
Is Lisa a beginner student?
Is Intro Programming an indirect prerequisite for Algorithms?
Can Lisa enroll in Biology 2?
Is Mike eligible for Precalculus?
Are Algebra 1 and Algebra 2 in sequence?
Is Data Structures in sequence with Algorithms?
What are the co-requisites for Calculus 1?
Can James take Algorithms?
Are Sarah and Emily peers in any course?
Is Emily an advanced student?
Are Algebra 2 and Precalculus in sequence?
Is Precalculus an indirect prerequisite for Calculus 2?
Are Physics 2 and Chemistry 2 co-requisites?
Can Sarah take Data Structures?
Is Mike a beginner student?
Are Biology 1 and Chemistry 1 co-requisites?
Is Algebra 2 an indirect prerequisite for Calculus 2?
Can Lisa take Intro CS?
Are Mike and Lisa peers in any course?
Is Sarah an advanced student?
Are Data Structures and Algorithms in sequence?
Is Intro CS an indirect prerequisite for Algorithms?
Can Sarah take Algorithms?
Are Sarah and James peers in any course?
Is anyone overloaded with courses?
What is the prerequisite chain from Algebra 1 to Calculus 2?
Which students have completed Calculus 1 but are not enrolled in Calculus 2?
If Sarah completes Calculus 1, what advanced courses could she then take?
What is the longest prerequisite chain in the Computer Science department?
Can Mike eventually take Calculus 2 if he completes his current courses?
What courses must Lisa complete before she can be considered an advanced student?
If Emily completes Precalculus, how many more courses until she can take Calculus 2?
Which students are closest to being able to take Algorithms?
Are there any students enrolled in courses from three different departments?
What courses would James need to complete to be eligible for all advanced Mathematics courses?
Which students have completed prerequisites for courses they're not enrolled in?
What is the total number of prerequisite relationships in the Mathematics department?
What is the prerequisite chain from Intro Programming to Algorithms?
Which students have completed all prerequisites for Data Structures but are not enrolled in it?
How many courses are in the longest prerequisite chain starting from Algebra 1?
Which students are enrolled in both Science and Mathematics courses?
What courses can Emily take after completing Precalculus?
Are there any students who are peers with both Sarah and Mike?
What is the shortest path for Lisa to become eligible for Calculus 1?
Which students have completed at least one intermediate course?
How many prerequisite relationships exist in the Science department?
If James completes Data Structures, what advanced courses become available to him?
Which students are taking courses only from one department?
What is the prerequisite chain from Biology 1 to Biology 2?
Which students can become advanced students by completing just one more course?
Are there any pairs of students who are peers in multiple courses?
What percentage of all courses are advanced level?

